[Music]
only geniuses can spot the differences
in these images as it's known as
geniuses pay special attention to small
seemingly insignificant details that
others fail to notice are you a genius
let's see can you find all the
differences between the following
pictures you need to spot the
differences in all of our nine images
number one here's a girl looking out the
window anyone actually now all you have
to do is find two differences between
the images only two first and then the
second that's it I'll give you ten
seconds or you can pause the video to
take a closer look so ready there as for
me I forgot what we're doing here I was
just staring at the girl but anyway the
differences are easy look at the second
image there are the moon and a stain on
the wall did you get them now image
number two Mona Lisa is also hiding
something again you need to find two
differences oh wait I've just spotted
the first one can you see both of them
I'll give you some time there's no rush
[Music]
ready now look at the second image
there's a ring on our right hand
also there's a dark place that's absent
in the first image got it
number three here's a snake charmer
playing with this thing three
differences are hidden in this one so
take your time you spot him yet here
they are a guy's turban a stick in his
hand and the snake has a double tail
honestly I managed to find only two I
didn't notice the turban and you
here's image number four I love this
movie but this one looks a little bit
hard you should find three differences
and go
[Music]
all right that's time how'd you do I
look closer the clock has number two
buzz lightyear doesn't have the red
button on his chest and I almost lost my
mind finding the third one the keyhole
on the door handle is rotated can you
see it
that's real tricky now image number five
here wait what are these looks like
vintage gasoline pumps
oh never mind all you need to do is find
four differences
yep four I know they're getting harder
and harder right
[Music]
okay
time's up first two images on the pumps
are exchanged these count has two
differences the other differences are
the spellings on the sides
GSS instead of gas and one day instead
of one one actually I didn't manage to
spot all the differences I hope you
coped with them number six
okay here's Big Ben find for differences
here and you're closer to calling
yourself a genius here's a little hint
pay attention to the buses ready there
here are the secrets a cloud a small
Tower different time on Big Ben and
different bus numbers 2 0 3 and 1/4 inch
well done picture number 7 now try to
find 3 differences between these images
of this Roman soldier I'll give you 10
seconds to think while I go get a cup of
coffee that's time now here's the answer
a screw on the helmet missing spear and
a plane yeah that plane looks like it's
completely out of place but I didn't
notice it did you
here's number eight find three
differences between these trains just
three they're pretty simple actually 10
seconds are yours
[Music]
here you go the number of the train is
different the footprint on the platform
and a puff of steam above the Train now
that one was easy finally number nine
my favorite find it three differences
between the images of this lovely woman
this task is pretty hard so take your
time ready now here you go a wristwatch
missing part of the chair and a
different sign on the piece of cloth
hanging in the background well it took
me ages to find the last one
[Music]
so did you manage to find all the
differences share this video with
friends who think they're the real deal
let improve it if you're visiting our
channel for the first time click
Subscribe we have more mind-blowing
puzzles for you
[Music]